samples: net: Reduce TFM RAM and Flash usage and support ns build (#13812)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Networking samples
------------------

> * Updated the samples to build for non-secure target when building for the nRF7002DK. Used small profile type for Trusted Firmware-M (TFM) and optimized its memory foot print.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the networking samples to build using a non-secure build target when building for the nRF7002DK. 
  A small profile type for Trusted Firmware-M (TF-M) is used to optimize its memory footprint.
```
This needs to be after the line no: 574 (After added).
